d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\PruebaXamarin.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\PruebaXamarin.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.Views.PerfilPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.App.xaml.g.cs
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.Views.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.dll
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.pdb
d:\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppProximate\PruebaXamarin\PruebaXamarin\obj\Debug\PruebaXamarin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
